---
title: "Selora Homes - Terms of Use"
draft: false
---

**Last Updated: 2025-09-19**

PLEASE READ THIS TERMS OF USE AGREEMENT (THE "TERMS OF USE") CAREFULLY. THIS
WEBSITE AND ITS SUBDOMAINS (COLLECTIVELY, THE "WEBSITE"), THE INFORMATION ON THE
WEBSITE, AND THE SERVICES AND RESOURCES AVAILABLE OR ENABLED VIA THE WEBSITE
(EACH A "SERVICE" AND COLLECTIVELY, THE "SERVICES"), ARE CONTROLLED BY SELORA
HOMES ("COMPANY"). THESE TERMS OF USE ALONG WITH ALL SUPPLEMENTAL TERMS THAT MAY
BE PRESENTED TO YOU FOR YOUR REVIEW AND ACCEPTANCE (COLLECTIVELY, THE
"AGREEMENT"), GOVERN YOUR ACCESS TO AND USE OF THE SERVICES. BY CLICKING ON THE
"I ACCEPT" BUTTON, COMPLETING THE REGISTRATION PROCESS, BROWSING THE WEBSITE, OR
OTHERWISE ACCESSING OR USING ANY OF THE SERVICES, YOU REPRESENT THAT (1) YOU
HAVE READ, UNDERSTAND, AND AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT, (2) YOU ARE OF
LEGAL AGE TO FORM A BINDING CONTRACT WITH COMPANY, AND (3) YOU HAVE THE
AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THE AGREEMENT PERSONALLY OR ON BEHALF OF THE LEGAL
ENTITY IDENTIFIED DURING THE ACCOUNT REGISTRATION PROCESS, AND TO BIND THAT
LEGAL ENTITY TO THE AGREEMENT. THE TERM "YOU" REFERS TO THE INDIVIDUAL OR SUCH
LEGAL ENTITY, AS APPLICABLE. IF YOU, OR IF APPLICABLE, SUCH LEGAL ENTITY, DO NOT
AGREE TO BE BOUND BY THE AGREEMENT, YOU, AND IF APPLICABLE, SUCH LEGAL ENTITY,
MAY NOT ACCESS OR USE ANY OF THE SERVICES. IF YOU SUBSCRIBE TO THE SERVICES FOR
A TERM, THE AGREEMENT WILL BE AUTOMATICALLY RENEWED FOR ADDITIONAL PERIODS OF
THE SAME DURATION AS THE INITIAL TERM AT COMPANY'S THEN-CURRENT FEE FOR SUCH
SERVICES UNLESS YOU DECLINE TO RENEW YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH
SECTION 7.5 (AUTOMATIC RENEWAL) BELOW.

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 15 CONTAINS PROVISIONS GOVERNING HOW TO RESOLVE
DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND COMPANY. AMONG OTHER THINGS, SECTION 15 INCLUDES AN
AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL
DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND US SHALL BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION.
SECTION 15 ALSO CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER. PLEASE READ
SECTION 15 CAREFULLY. UNLESS YOU OPT OUT OF THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE WITHIN 30
DAYS: (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK
RELIEF AGAINST US ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN
ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING AND YOU WAIVE YOUR RIGHT TO
PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION; AND (2) YOU ARE
WAIVING YOUR RIGHT TO PURSUE DISPUTES OR CLAIMS AND SEEK RELIEF IN A COURT OF
LAW AND TO HAVE A JURY TRIAL.

PLEASE BE AWARE THAT SECTION 1.6 (COMPANY COMMUNICATIONS) OF THE AGREEMENT BELOW
CONTAINS YOUR OPT-IN CONSENT TO RECEIVE COMMUNICATIONS FROM US, INCLUDING, AS
APPLICABLE, VIA E-MAIL AND PUSH NOTIFICATION.

PLEASE NOTE THAT THE AGREEMENT IS SUBJECT TO CHANGE BY COMPANY IN ITS SOLE
DISCRETION AT ANY TIME. WHEN CHANGES ARE MADE, COMPANY WILL MAKE A COPY OF THE
UPDATED AGREEMENT AVAILABLE AT THE WEBSITE AND UPDATE THE "LAST UPDATED DATE" AT
THE TOP OF THESE TERMS OF USE. IF WE MAKE ANY MATERIAL CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT,
WE WILL PROVIDE NOTICE OF SUCH MATERIAL CHANGES ON THE WEBSITE AND ATTEMPT TO
NOTIFY YOU BY SENDING AN E-MAIL TO THE E-MAIL ADDRESS PROVIDED IN YOUR ACCOUNT
REGISTRATION. ANY CHANGES TO THE AGREEMENT WILL BE EFFECTIVE IMMEDIATELY FOR NEW
USERS OF THE SERVICES AND WILL BE EFFECTIVE FOR EXISTING REGISTERED USERS UPON
THE EARLIER OF (A) THIRTY (30) DAYS AFTER THE "LAST UPDATED DATE" AT THE TOP OF
THESE TERMS OF USE, OR (B) YOUR CONSENT TO AND ACCEPTANCE OF THE UPDATED
AGREEMENT IF COMPANY PROVIDES A MECHANISM FOR YOUR IMMEDIATE ACCEPTANCE IN A
SPECIFIED MANNER (SUCH AS A CLICK-THROUGH ACCEPTANCE), WHICH COMPANY MAY REQUIRE
BEFORE FURTHER USE OF THE SERVICES IS PERMITTED. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THE
UPDATED AGREEMENT, YOU MUST STOP USING ALL SERVICES UPON THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF
THE UPDATED AGREEMENT. OTHERWISE, YOUR CONTINUED USE OF ANY OF THE SERVICES
AFTER THE EFFECTIVE DATE OF THE UPDATED AGREEMENT CONSTITUTES YOUR ACCEPTANCE OF
THE UPDATED AGREEMENT. PLEASE REGULARLY CHECK THE WEBSITE TO VIEW THE
THEN-CURRENT AGREEMENT. YOU AGREE THAT COMPANY'S CONTINUED PROVISION OF THE
SERVICES IS ADEQUATE CONSIDERATION FOR THE CHANGES IN THE UPDATED AGREEMENT.

## 1. USE OF THE SERVICES

The Services, and the information and content available on them, are protected
by applicable intellectual property laws. Unless subject to a separate license
between you and Company, your right to use any and all Services is subject to
the Agreement.

### 1.2 Company Software

Use of any software and associated documentation that is made available via the
Services ("Software") is governed by the Agreement. Subject to your compliance
with the Agreement, Company grants you a non-assignable, non-transferable,
non-sublicensable, revocable, non-exclusive license to use the Software in
object code form only for the sole purpose of enabling you to use the Services
in the manner permitted by the Agreement. Some Software may be offered under
open source licenses that we will make available to you upon your request. There
may be provisions in the open source licenses that expressly override some of
these terms.

### 1.3 Limited Source Available License

Subject to your compliance with this Agreement, Company grants you a limited
right to access and review the source code form of the Software ("Source Code")
solely for your internal review, testing, and evaluation purposes. You may not:
(a) distribute, sublicense, sell, publish, or otherwise make the Source Code
available to any third party for any purpose; or (b) use the Source Code for or
in any production or commercial purpose, including but not limited to
developing, marketing, or selling any products similar or related to the
Software. Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may modify and publish patches to
the Source Code for the sole purpose of making contributions back to Company
(such modifications referred to herein as "Contributions"). If you choose to
make any Contributions to the Source Code, you agree that such Contributions are
the sole property of Company and you hereby assign to Company your entire right,
title, and interest in any such Contributions and any intellectual property
rights embodied therein. You further agree to execute any assignments, oaths,
declarations and other documents as may be requested by Company to effect the
foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 1.3 (Limited Source
Available License) applies regardless of whether you have signed up for a paid
subscription term to the Services.

### 1.4 Updates

You understand that the Services are evolving. As a result, Company may require
you to accept updates to the Services that you have installed on your computer.
You acknowledge and agree that Company may update the Services with or without
notifying you. You may need to update third-party software from time to time in
order to use the Services.

### 1.5 Certain Restrictions

The rights granted to you in the Agreement are subject to the following
restrictions: (a) you shall not license, sell, rent, lease, transfer, assign,
reproduce, distribute, host or otherwise commercially exploit any of the
Services; (b) you shall not frame or utilize framing techniques to enclose any
trademark, logo, or other parts of the Services (including images, text, page
layout or form); (c) you shall not use any metatags or other "hidden text" using
Company's name or trademarks; (d) you shall not modify, translate, adapt, merge,
make derivative works of, disassemble, decompile, reverse compile or reverse
engineer any part of the Services except to the extent the foregoing
restrictions are expressly prohibited by applicable law; (e) you shall not use
any manual or automated software, devices or other processes (including but not
limited to spiders, robots, scrapers, crawlers, avatars, data mining tools or
the like) to "scrape" or download data from any web pages contained in the
Services (except that we grant the operators of public search engines revocable
permission to use spiders to copy materials from the Website for the sole
purpose of and solely to the extent necessary for creating publicly available
searchable indices of the materials, but not caches or archives of such
materials); (f) except as expressly stated herein, no part of the Services may
be copied, reproduced, distributed, republished, downloaded, displayed, posted
or transmitted in any form or by any means; and (h) you shall not remove or
destroy any copyright notices or other proprietary markings contained on or in
the Services. Any future release, update or other addition to the Services shall
be subject to the Agreement. Company, its suppliers and service providers
reserve all rights not granted in the Agreement.

### 1.6 Company Communications

By entering into the Agreement or using the Services, you agree to receive
communications from us, including via email and push notification through the
Services. Communications from Company may include but are not limited to:
operational communications concerning your Account or the use of the Services,
updates concerning new and existing features on the Services, communications
concerning promotions run by us or our third-party partners, and news concerning
the Company and industry developments. IF YOU WISH TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTIONAL
EMAILS, YOU CAN UNSUBSCRIBE FROM OUR PROMOTIONAL EMAIL LIST BY FOLLOWING THE
UNSUBSCRIBE OPTIONS IN THE PROMOTIONAL EMAIL ITSELF.

## 2. REGISTRATION

### 2.1 Registering Your Account

In order to access certain features of the Services you may be required to
become a Registered User. For purposes of the Agreement, a "Registered User" is
a user who has registered an account with Company through the Services
("Account").

### 2.2 Access Through a Third-Party Service

If you access the Services through a Third-Party Service as part of the
functionality of the Services, you may link your Account with Third-Party
Accounts by allowing Company to access your Third-Party Account, as is permitted
under the applicable terms and conditions that govern your Third-Party Account.
You represent that you are entitled to grant Company access to your Third-Party
Account (including, but not limited to, for use for the purposes described
herein) without breach by you of any of the terms and conditions that govern
your Third-Party Account and without obligating Company to pay any fees or
making Company subject to any usage limitations imposed by such Third-Party
Service. By granting Company access to any Third-Party Accounts, you understand
that Company may access, make available and store (if applicable) any
information, data, text, software, music, sound, photographs, graphics, video,
messages, tags and other materials accessible through the Services that you have
provided to and stored in your Third-Party Account ("Third-Party Service
Content") so that it is available on and through the Services via your Account.
Unless otherwise specified in the Agreement, all Third-Party Service Content
shall be considered to be Your Content (as defined in Section 3.1 (Types of
Content)) for all purposes of the Agreement. Depending on the Third-Party
Accounts you choose and subject to the privacy settings that you have set in
such Third-Party Accounts, personally identifiable information that you post to
your Third-Party Accounts may be available on and through your Account on the
Services. Please note that if a Third-Party Account or associated service
becomes unavailable, or Company's access to such Third-Party Account is
terminated by the Third-Party Service, then Third-Party Service Content will no
longer be available on and through the Services. If you select settings within
the Services to link with a Third-Party Account, you grant Company permission to
transfer, store, share, make available, and publish your Content to your
Third-Party Accounts(s) as directed by you within the Services. Please note that
if a Third-Party Account or associated service becomes unavailable, or if
Company's access to such Third-Party Account is terminated by the applicable
third-party service provider, then Company may not publish your Content to such
Third-Party Account. You have the ability to disable the connection between your
Account and your Third-Party Accounts at any time by accessing the "Settings"
section of the Services. PLEASE NOTE THAT YOUR RELATIONSHIP WITH THE THIRD-PARTY
SERVICE PROVIDERS ASSOCIATED WITH YOUR THIRD-PARTY SERVICE ACCOUNTS IS GOVERNED
SOLELY BY YOUR AGREEMENT(S) WITH SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS, AND COMPANY
DISCLAIMS ANY LIABILITY FOR PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION THAT MAY BE
PROVIDED TO IT BY SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE PROVIDERS IN VIOLATION OF THE PRIVACY
SETTINGS THAT YOU HAVE SET IN SUCH THIRD-PARTY SERVICE ACCOUNTS. Company makes
no effort to review any Third-Party Service Content for any purpose, including
but not limited to, for accuracy, legality or noninfringement, and Company is
not responsible for any Third-Party Service Content.

### 2.3 Registration Data

In registering an Account, you agree to (a) provide true, accurate, current and
complete information about yourself as prompted by the registration form (the
"Registration Data"); and (b) maintain and promptly update the Registration Data
to keep it true, accurate, current and complete. You represent that you are (i)
at least eighteen (18) years old; (ii) of legal age to form a binding contract;
and (iii) not a person barred from using the Services under the laws of the
United States, your place of residence or any other applicable jurisdiction. You
are responsible for all activities that occur under your Account. You agree that
you shall monitor your Account to restrict use by any other persons, including
minors, and you will accept full responsibility for any such unauthorized use.
You may not share your Account login or password with anyone, and you agree to
(y) notify Company immediately of any unauthorized use of your password or any
other breach of security; and (z) exit from your Account at the end of each
session. If you provide any information that is untrue, inaccurate, not current
or incomplete, or Company has reasonable grounds to suspect that any information
you provide is untrue, inaccurate, not current or incomplete, Company has the
right to suspend or terminate your Account and refuse any and all current or
future use of the Services (or any portion thereof). You agree not to create an
Account using a false identity or information, or on behalf of someone other
than yourself. You agree that you shall not have more than one Account at any
given time. Company reserves the right to remove or reclaim any usernames at any
time and for any reason, including but not limited to, claims by a third party
that a username violates the third party's rights. You agree not to create an
Account or use the Services if you have been previously removed by Company, or
if you have been previously banned from any of the Services.

### 2.4 Your Account

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, you acknowledge and agree that
you shall have no ownership or other property interest in your Account, and you
further acknowledge and agree that all rights in and to your Account are and
shall forever be owned by and inure to the benefit of Company.

### 2.5 Necessary Equipment and Software

You must provide all equipment and software necessary to connect to the
Services. You are solely responsible for any fees, including Internet connection
or mobile fees, that you incur when accessing the Services.

## 3. RESPONSIBILITY FOR CONTENT

### 3.1 Types of Content

For purposes of this Agreement, the term "Content" includes, without limitation,
information, videos, audio files, data, text, photographs, written posts and
comments, software, scripts, graphics, and interactive features generated,
provided, or otherwise made accessible on or through the Services. You
acknowledge that all Content is the sole responsibility of the party from whom
such Content originated. This means that you, and not Company, are entirely
responsible for all Content that you upload, post, email, transmit or otherwise
make available through the Services ("Your Content"), and that you and other
Registered Users of the Services, and not Company, are similarly responsible for
all Content that you and they make available through the Services ("User
Content").

### 3.2 No Obligation to Pre-Screen Content

You acknowledge that Company has no obligation to pre-screen User Content,
although Company reserves the right in its sole discretion to pre-screen, refuse
or remove any User Content. By entering into the Agreement, you hereby provide
your irrevocable consent to Company's monitoring of Your Content. You
acknowledge and agree that you have no expectation of privacy concerning the
transmission of Your Content, including without limitation chat, text, or voice
communications. In the event that Company pre-screens, refuses or removes any of
Your Content, you acknowledge that Company will do so for Company's benefit, not
yours. Without limiting the foregoing, Company shall have the right to remove
any of Your Content that violates the Agreement or is otherwise objectionable.

### 3.3 Storage

Company has no responsibility or liability for the accuracy of any User Content,
including Your Content; or the security, privacy, or transmission of other
communications originating with or involving use of the Services. Certain
Services may enable you to specify the level at which such Services restrict
access to Your Content. You are solely responsible for choosing the appropriate
level of access to Your Content. If you do not so choose, the Services may
default to the most permissive setting. You agree that Company retains the right
to create reasonable limits on Company's use and storage of User Content,
including Your Content, such as limits on file size, storage space, processing
capacity, and similar limits as determined by Company in its sole discretion.

## 4. OWNERSHIP

### 4.1 Services

Except with respect to Your Content and other User Content, you agree that
Company and its suppliers own all rights, title and interest in the Services
(including but not limited to, any computer code, themes, objects, characters,
character names, stories, dialogue, concepts, artwork, animations, sounds,
musical compositions, audiovisual effects, methods of operation, moral rights,
documentation, and Company software). You agree not to remove, alter or obscure
any copyright, trademark, service mark or other proprietary rights notices
incorporated in or accompanying any Services.

### 4.2 Trademarks

Company's name and all related stylizations, graphics, logos, service marks and
trade names used on or in connection with any Services are the trademarks of
Company and may not be used without permission in connection with your, or any
third-party, products or services. Third party trademarks, service marks and
trade names that may appear on or in the Services are the property of their
respective owners.

### 4.3 Your Content

Company does not claim ownership of Your Content. However, when you post or
publish Your Content on or in any Services, you represent and warrant that you
have all rights to grant such licenses to us without infringement or violation
of any third-party rights, including without limitation, any privacy rights,
publicity rights, copyrights, trademarks, contract rights, or any other
intellectual property or proprietary rights. Without limiting the foregoing, you
may not post a video, photograph, or any personally identifying information of
another person without that person's permission.

### 4.4 License to Your Content

Subject to any applicable Account settings that you select, you grant Company a
fully paid, royalty-free, worldwide, non-exclusive right (including any moral
rights) and license to use, reproduce, modify, adapt, publicly perform, and
publicly display Your Content (in whole or in part) for the purposes of
operating and providing the Services to you and to our other Registered Users.
Please remember that other Registered Users may search for, see, use, modify and
reproduce any of Your Content that you submit to any "public" area of the
Services. You agree that you, not Company, are responsible for all of Your
Content. You may not post a photograph of another person without that person's
permission.

### 4.5 Username

Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, by submitting Your
Content to any forums, comments, or any other area on the Services, you hereby
expressly permit Company to identify you by your username (which may be a
pseudonym) as the contributor of Your Content.

### 4.6 Feedback

You agree that submission of any ideas, suggestions, documents, and/or proposals
to Company through its suggestion, feedback, wiki, forum, or similar pages
("Feedback") is at your own risk and that Company has no obligations (including
without limitation obligations of confidentiality) with respect to such
Feedback. You represent and warrant that you have all rights necessary to submit
the Feedback. You hereby grant to Company a fully paid, royalty-free, perpetual,
irrevocable, worldwide, and non-exclusive right and license to use, reproduce,
perform, display, distribute, adapt, modify, re-format, create derivative works
of, and otherwise commercially or non-commercially exploit in any manner, any
and all Feedback, and to sublicense the foregoing rights, in connection with the
operation and maintenance of the Services and/or Company's business.

## 5. USER CONDUCT

As a condition of use, you agree not to use any of the Services for any purpose
that is prohibited by this Agreement or by applicable law. You shall not (and
shall not permit any third party) either (a) take any action or (b) make
available any Content on or through the Services that: (i) infringes,
misappropriates or otherwise violates any intellectual property right, right of
publicity, right of privacy or other right of any person or entity; (ii) is
unlawful, threatening, abusive, harassing, defamatory, libelous, deceptive,
fraudulent, invasive of another's privacy, tortious, obscene, offensive, or
profane; (iii) constitutes unauthorized or unsolicited advertising, junk or bulk
email; (iv) involves commercial activities and/or sales, such as contests,
sweepstakes, barter, advertising, or pyramid schemes without Company's prior
written consent; (v) impersonates any person or entity, including any employee
or representative of Company; (vi) interferes with or attempt to interfere with
the proper functioning of the Services or uses the Services in any way not
expressly permitted by the Agreement; or (vii) attempts to engage in or engage
in, any potentially harmful acts that are directed against the Services,
including but not limited to violating or attempting to violate any security
features of the Services, introducing viruses, worms, or similar harmful code
into the Services, or interfering or attempting to interfere with use of the
Services by any other user, host or network, including by means of overloading,
"flooding," "spamming," "mail bombing," or "crashing" the Services.

## 6. INTERACTIONS WITH OTHER USERS

### 6.1 User Responsibility

You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Registered Users and
any other parties with whom you interact; provided, however, that Company
reserves the right, but has no obligation, to intercede in such disputes. You
agree that Company will not be responsible for any liability incurred as the
result of such interactions.

### 6.2 Content Provided by Other Users

The Services may contain User Content provided by other Registered Users.
Company is not responsible for and does not control User Content. Company has no
obligation to review or monitor, and does not approve, endorse or make any
representations or warranties with respect to, User Content. You use all User
Content and interact with other Registered Users at your own risk.

## 7. FEES AND PURCHASE TERMS

### 7.1 Payment

You agree to pay all fees or charges to your Account in accordance with the
fees, charges and billing terms in effect at the time a fee or charge is due and
payable in accordance with the Services. Company reserves the right at any time
to change its prices and billing methods, either immediately upon posting on the
Services or by email delivery to you. If you sign up for a paid subscription
term to the Services, you must provide Company or its Payment Processor (as
defined in Section 16.2) with a valid credit card (Visa, MasterCard, or any
other issuer accepted by us) or any other payment provider as accepted by
Company in its sole discretion (each, a "Payment Provider"). Your Payment
Provider agreement governs your use of the designated credit card or other
Payment Provider account, and you must refer to that agreement, not this
Agreement, to determine your rights and liabilities. By providing Company or its
Payment Processor with your credit card number or other Payment Provider account
and associated payment information, you agree that Company is authorized to
immediately invoice your Account for all fees and charges as they become due and
payable and that no additional notice or consent is required. You agree to
immediately notify Company or its Payment Processor of any change in your
billing address or the credit card or other Payment Provider account used for
payment hereunder.

### 7.2 Service Subscription Fees

If you sign up for a paid subscription term to the Services, you will be
responsible for payment of the applicable fees for any Services (each, a
"Service Subscription Fee") at the time you create your Account and select your
subscription type and payment package (each, a "Service Commencement Date").
Except as set forth in the Agreement, all fees for the Services are
non-refundable. No contract will exist between you and Company for the Services
until Company accepts your order by a confirmatory email or other appropriate
means of communication.

### 7.3 Taxes

The payments required under Section 7.2 (Service Subscription Fees) of this
Agreement do not include any Sales Tax that may be due in connection with the
services provided under the Agreement. If Company determines it has a legal
obligation to collect a Sales Tax from you in connection with the Agreement,
Company may collect such Sales Tax in addition to the payments required under
Section 7.2 (Service Subscription Fees) of the Agreement. If any Services or
payments for any Services under the Agreement are subject to any Sales Tax in
any jurisdiction and you have not remitted the applicable Sales Tax to Company,
you will be responsible for the payment of such Sales Tax and any related
penalties or interest to the relevant tax authority, and you will indemnify
Company for any liability or expense Company may incur in connection with such
Sales Taxes. Upon Company's request, you will provide it with official receipts
issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or other such evidence that you have
paid all applicable taxes. For purposes of this section, "Sales Tax" shall mean
any sales or use tax and any other tax measured by sales proceeds that is the
functional equivalent of a sales tax where the applicable taxing jurisdiction
does not otherwise impose a sales or use tax.

### 7.4 Withholding Taxes

You agree to make all payments of fees to Company free and clear of, and without
reduction for, any withholding taxes. Any such taxes imposed on payments of fees
to Company will be your sole responsibility, and you will provide Company with
official receipts issued by the appropriate taxing authority, or such other
evidence as we may reasonably request, to establish that such taxes have been
paid.

### 7.5 Automatic Renewal

Your subscription will continue indefinitely until terminated in accordance with
the Agreement. After your initial subscription period, and again after any
subsequent subscription period, your subscription will automatically commence on
the first day following the end of such period (each a "Renewal Commencement
Date") and continue for an additional equivalent period, at Company's
then-current price for such subscription. You agree that your Account will be
subject to this automatic renewal feature unless you cancel your subscription at
least thirty (30) days prior to the Renewal Commencement Date (or in the event
that you receive a notice from Company that your subscription will be
automatically renewed, you will have thirty (30) days from the date of the
Company notice), by logging into and going to the "Change/Cancel Membership"
page of your "Account Settings" page. If you do not wish your subscription to
renew automatically, or if you want to change or terminate your subscription,
please contact Company at info@selorahomes.com or log in and go to the
"Change/Cancel Membership" page on your "Account Settings" page. If you cancel
your subscription, you may use your subscription until the end of your
then-current subscription term; your subscription will not be renewed after your
then-current term expires. However, you will not be eligible for a prorated
refund of any portion of the subscription fee paid for the then-current
subscription period. By subscribing for a paid subscription, you authorize
Company to charge your Payment Provider now, and again at the beginning of any
subsequent subscription period. Upon renewal of your subscription, if Company
does not receive payment from your Payment Provider, (a) you agree to pay all
amounts due on your Account upon demand and/or (b) you agree that Company may
either terminate or suspend your subscription and continue to attempt to charge
your Payment Provider until payment is received (upon receipt of payment, your
Account will be activated and for purposes of automatic renewal, your new
subscription commitment period will begin as of the day payment was received).

### 7.6 Free Trials and Other Promotions

Any free trial or other promotion that provides Registered User level access to
the Services must be used within the specified time of the trial. At the end of
the trial period, your use of that Service will expire and any further use of
the Service is prohibited unless you pay the applicable subscription fee. If you
are inadvertently charged for a subscription, please contact Company to have the
charges reversed.

## 8. INDEMNIFICATION

You agree to indemnify and hold Company, its parents, subsidiaries, affiliates,
officers, employees, agents, partners, suppliers, and licensors (each, a
"Company Party" and collectively, the "Company Parties") harmless from any
losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees)
relating to or arising out of any and all of the following: (a) Your Content;
(b) your use of any Service in violation of the Agreement; (c) your violation of
any rights of another party, including any Registered Users; or (d) your
violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Company reserves the
right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any
matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you agree to
fully cooperate with Company in asserting any available defenses. This provision
does not require you to indemnify any of the Company Parties for any
unconscionable commercial practice by such party or for such party's fraud,
deception, false promise, misrepresentation or concealment, or suppression or
omission of any material fact in connection with any Services provided
hereunder. You agree that the provisions in this section will survive any
termination of your Account, the Agreement and/or your access to the Services.

## 9. DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS

### 9.1 As Is

YOU EXPRESSLY UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE
LAW, YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES IS AT YOUR SOLE RISK, AND THE SERVICES ARE
PROVIDED ON AN "AS IS" AND "AS AVAILABLE" BASIS, WITH ALL FAULTS. COMPANY
EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, REPRESENTATIONS, AND CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND,
WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
AND NON-INFRINGEMENT ARISING FROM USE OF THE SERVICES.

(a) COMPANY MAKES NO WARRANTY, REPRESENTATION OR CONDITION THAT: (1) THE
SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS; (2) YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE
UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR ERROR-FREE; OR (3) THE RESULTS THAT MAY BE
OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE.

(b) NO ADVICE OR INFORMATION, WHETHER ORAL OR WRITTEN, OBTAINED FROM COMPANY OR
THROUGH THE SERVICES WILL CREATE ANY WARRANTY NOT EXPRESSLY MADE HEREIN.

(c) FROM TIME TO TIME, COMPANY MAY OFFER NEW "BETA" FEATURES OR TOOLS WITH WHICH
ITS USERS MAY EXPERIMENT. SUCH FEATURES OR TOOLS ARE OFFERED SOLELY FOR
EXPERIMENTAL PURPOSES AND WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, AND MAY BE MODIFIED
OR DISCONTINUED AT COMPANY'S SOLE DISCRETION. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS SECTION
APPLY WITH FULL FORCE TO SUCH FEATURES OR TOOLS.

### 9.2 No Liability for Conduct of Third Parties

YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT COMPANY PARTIES ARE NOT LIABLE, AND YOU AGREE NOT
TO SEEK TO HOLD COMPANY PARTIES LIABLE, FOR THE CONDUCT OF THIRD PARTIES,
INCLUDING OPERATORS OF EXTERNAL SITES AND OTHER USERS OF THE SERVICES, AND THAT
THE RISK OF INJURY FROM SUCH THIRD PARTIES RESTS ENTIRELY WITH YOU. Third-Party
Materials. As a part of the Services, you may have access to materials that are
hosted by another party. You agree that it is impossible for Company to monitor
such materials and that you access these materials at your own risk.

## 10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

### 10.1 Disclaimer of Certain Damages

YOU UNDERSTAND AND AGREE THAT, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, IN NO
EVENT SHALL COMPANY PARTIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFITS, REVENUE OR DATA,
INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, OR DAMAGES OR COSTS DUE
TO LOSS OF PRODUCTION OR USE, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, IN EACH CASE WHETHER OR NOT COMPANY HAS BEEN
ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH
THE AGREEMENT OR ANY COMMUNICATIONS, INTERACTIONS OR MEETINGS WITH OTHER USERS
OF THE SERVICES, ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATION OF
LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF A COMPANY PARTY FOR (i) DEATH OR
PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY A COMPANY PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE; OR FOR (ii) ANY INJURY
CAUSED BY A COMPANY PARTY'S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

### 10.2 Cap on Liability

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PROVIDED BY LAW, COMPANY PARTIES WILL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU
FOR MORE THAN THE TOTAL AMOUNT PAID TO COMPANY BY YOU DURING THE THREE (3)-MONTH
PERIOD PRIOR TO THE ACT, OMISSION OR OCCURRENCE GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITY;
OR THE REMEDY OR PENALTY IMPOSED BY THE STATUTE UNDER WHICH SUCH CLAIM ARISES.
THE FOREGOING CAP ON LIABILITY SHALL NOT APPLY TO LIABILITY OF A COMPANY PARTY
FOR (i) DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY A COMPANY PARTY'S NEGLIGENCE; OR FOR
(ii) ANY INJURY CAUSED BY A COMPANY PARTY'S FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT
MISREPRESENTATION.

### 10.3 User Content

EXCEPT FOR COMPANY'S OBLIGATIONS TO PROTECT YOUR PERSONAL DATA AS SET FORTH IN
THE COMPANY'S PRIVACY POLICY, COMPANY ASSUMES NO RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE
TIMELINESS, DELETION, MIS-DELIVERY OR FAILURE TO STORE ANY CONTENT (INCLUDING,
BUT NOT LIMITED TO, YOUR CONTENT AND USER CONTENT), USER COMMUNICATIONS OR
PERSONALIZATION SETTINGS.

### 10.4 Exclusion of Damages

CERTAIN JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF CERTAIN
DAMAGES. IF THESE LAWS APPLY TO YOU, SOME OR ALL OF THE ABOVE EXCLUSIONS OR
LIMITATIONS MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU, AND YOU MIGHT HAVE ADDITIONAL RIGHTS.

### 10.5 Basis of the Bargain

THE LIMITATIONS OF DAMAGES SET FORTH ABOVE ARE FUNDAMENTAL ELEMENTS OF THE BASIS
OF THE BARGAIN BETWEEN COMPANY AND YOU.

## 11. Procedure for Making Claims of Copyright Infringement

It is Company's policy to terminate membership privileges of any Registered User
who repeatedly infringes copyright upon prompt notification to Company by the
copyright owner or the copyright owner's legal agent. Without limiting the
foregoing, if you believe that your work has been copied and posted on the
Services in a way that constitutes copyright infringement, please provide our
Copyright Agent with the following information: (a) an electronic or physical
signature of the person authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the
copyright interest; (b) a description of the copyrighted work that you claim has
been infringed; (c) a description of the location on the Services of the
material that you claim is infringing, such as a URL; (d) your address,
telephone number and email address; (e) a written statement by you that you have
a good faith belief that the disputed use is not authorized by the copyright
owner, its agent or the law; and (f) a statement by you, made under penalty of
perjury, that the above information in your notice is accurate and that you are
the copyright owner or authorized to act on the copyright owner's behalf.
Contact information for Company's Copyright Agent for notice of claims of
copyright infringement is as follows: 

**Philippe Lafoucrière**  **455 Market St Ste 1940**  **PMB 487449**  **San
Francisco California 94105-2448**  **Email: info@selorahomes.com**

## 12. MONITORING AND ENFORCEMENT

Company reserves the right to: (a) remove or refuse to post any of Your Content
for any or no reason in our sole discretion; (b) take any action with respect to
any of your Content that we deem necessary or appropriate in our sole
discretion, including if we believe that such Content violates the Agreement,
infringes any intellectual property right or other right of any person or
entity, threatens the personal safety of users of the Services or the public, or
could create liability for Company; (c) take appropriate legal action, including
without limitation, referral to law enforcement, for any illegal or unauthorized
use of the Services; and/or (d) terminate or suspend your access to all or part
of the Services for any or no reason, including without limitation, any
violation of this Agreement.

If Company becomes aware of any possible violations by you of the Agreement,
Company reserves the right to investigate such violations. If, as a result of
the investigation, Company believes that criminal activity has occurred, Company
reserves the right to refer the matter to, and to cooperate with, any and all
applicable legal authorities. Company is entitled, except to the extent
prohibited by applicable law, to disclose any information or materials on or in
the Services, including Your Content, in Company's possession in connection with
your use of the Services, to (i) comply with applicable laws, legal process or
governmental request; (ii) enforce the Agreement, (iii) respond to any claims
that Your Content violates the rights of third parties, (iv) respond to your
requests for customer service, or (v) protect the rights, property or personal
safety of Company, its Registered Users or the public, and all enforcement or
other government officials, as Company in its sole discretion believes to be
necessary or appropriate.

## 13. TERM AND TERMINATION

### 13.1 Term

The Agreement commences on the date when you accept them (as described in the
preamble above) and remain in full force and effect while you use the Services,
unless terminated earlier in accordance with the Agreement.

### 13.2 Prior Use

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you hereby acknowledge and agree that the
Agreement commenced on the earlier to occur of (a) the date you first used the
Services or (b) the date you accepted the Agreement, and will remain in full
force and effect while you use any Services, unless earlier terminated in
accordance with the Agreement.

### 13.3 Termination of Services by Company

You will have thirty (30) days from the Service Commencement Date, or any
Renewal Commencement Date, for any Services hereunder, to cancel such Service,
in which case Company will refund your Service Subscription Fee, if already paid
pursuant to Section 7.1 (Payment) or 7.2 (Service Subscription Fees), for the
applicable Service. Except as set forth above, the Service Subscription Fee for
any Service shall be non-refundable. If timely payment cannot be charged to your
Payment Provider for any reason, if you have materially breached any provision
of the Agreement, or if Company is required to do so by law (e.g., where the
provision of the Services is, or becomes, unlawful), Company has the right to,
immediately and without notice, suspend or terminate any Services provided to
you. You agree that all terminations for cause shall be made in Company's sole
discretion and that Company shall not be liable to you or any third party for
any termination of your Account.

### 13.4 Termination of Services by You

If you want to terminate the Services provided by Company, you may do so by (a)
notifying Company at any time and (b) closing your Account for all of the
Services that you use. Your notice should be sent, in writing, to Company's
address set forth below. THE SERVICES WILL CONTINUE AT THE END OF EACH
SUBSCRIPTION PERIOD UNLESS YOU CANCEL YOUR SUBSCRIPTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE
PROCEDURE SET FORTH IN SECTION 7.5 (AUTOMATIC RENEWAL).

### 13.5 Effect of Termination

Termination of any Service includes removal of access to such Service and
barring of further use of the Service. Termination of all Services also includes
deletion of your password and all related information, files and Content
associated with or inside your Account (or any part thereof), including Your
Content. Upon termination of any Service, your right to use such Service will
automatically terminate immediately. You understand that any termination of
Services may involve deletion of Your Content associated therewith from our live
databases. Company will not have any liability whatsoever to you for any
suspension or termination, including for deletion of Your Content. All
provisions of the Agreement which by their nature should survive, shall survive
termination of Services, including without limitation, ownership provisions,
warranty disclaimers, and limitation of liability.

### 13.6 No Subsequent Registration

If your registration(s) with, or ability to access, the Services or any other
Company community, is discontinued by Company due to your violation of any
portion of the Agreement or for conduct otherwise inappropriate for the
community, then you agree that you shall not attempt to re-register with or
access the Services or any Company community through use of a different member
name or otherwise, and you acknowledge that you will not be entitled to receive
a refund for fees related to those Services to which your access has been
terminated. In the event that you violate the immediately preceding sentence,
Company reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to immediately take any or
all of the actions set forth herein without any notice or warning to you.

## 14. INTERNATIONAL USERS

The Services can be accessed from countries around the world and may contain
references to Services and Content that are not available in your country. These
references do not imply that Company intends to announce such Services or
Content in your country. The Services are controlled and offered by Company from
its facilities in the United States of America. Company makes no representations
that the Services are appropriate or available for use in other locations. Those
who access or use the Services from other countries do so at their own volition
and are responsible for compliance with local law.

## 15. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Please read the following arbitration agreement in this section ("Arbitration
Agreement") carefully. PLEASE BE AWARE THAT THIS SECTION 15 CONTAINS PROVISIONS
GOVERNING HOW DISPUTES THAT YOU AND COMPANY HAVE AGAINST EACH OTHER WILL BE
RESOLVED. AMONG OTHER THINGS, THIS SECTION 15 INCLUDES AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE
WHICH REQUIRES, WITH LIMITED EXCEPTIONS, THAT ALL DISPUTES BETWEEN YOU AND
COMPANY BE RESOLVED BY BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION. THIS SECTION 15 ALSO
CONTAINS A CLASS ACTION AND JURY TRIAL WAIVER.

### 15.1 Applicability of Arbitration Agreement

Subject to the terms of this Arbitration Agreement, you and Company agree that
any dispute, claim, disagreements arising out of or relating in any way to your
access to or use of the Service, any communications you receive, any products
sold or distributed through the Service or the Terms of Use and prior versions
of the Terms of Use, including claims and disputes that arose between us before
the effective date of these Terms of Use (each, a "Dispute") will be resolved by
binding arbitration, rather than in court, except that: (1) you and Company may
assert claims or seek relief in small claims court if such claims qualify and
remain in small claims court; and (2) you or Company may seek equitable relief
in court for infringement or other misuse of intellectual property rights (such
as trademarks, trade dress, domain names, trade secrets, copyrights, and
patents). For purposes of this Arbitration Agreement, "Dispute" will also
include disputes that arose or involve facts occurring before the existence of
this or any prior versions of the Terms of Use as well as claims that may arise
after the termination of these Terms of Use.

### 15.2 Informal Dispute Resolution

There might be instances when a Dispute arises between you and Company. If that
occurs, Company is committed to working with you to reach a reasonable
resolution. You and Company agree that good faith informal efforts to resolve
Disputes can result in a prompt, low‐cost and mutually beneficial outcome
("Informal Dispute Resolution"). You and Company therefore agree that before
either party commences arbitration against the other (or initiates an action in
small claims court if a party so elects), we will personally meet and confer
telephonically or via videoconference, in a good faith effort to resolve
informally any Dispute covered by this Arbitration Agreement ("Informal Dispute
Resolution Conference"). If you are represented by counsel, your counsel may
participate in the conference, but you will also participate in the conference.

The party initiating a Dispute must give notice to the other party in writing of
its intent to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference ("Notice"),
which shall occur within 45 days after the other party receives such Notice,
unless an extension is mutually agreed upon by the parties. Notice to Company
that you intend to initiate an Informal Dispute Resolution Conference should be
sent by email to info@selorahomes.com or regular mail to our offices located at
455 Market St Ste 1940, PMB 487449, San Francisco California 94105-2448. The
Notice must include: (1) your name, telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail
address associated with your account (if you have one); (2) the name, telephone
number, mailing address and e‐mail address of your counsel, if any; and (3) a
description of your Dispute.

The Informal Dispute Resolution Conference shall be individualized such that a
separate conference must be held each time either party initiates a Dispute,
even if the same law firm or group of law firms represents multiple users in
similar cases, unless all parties agree; multiple individuals initiating a
Dispute cannot participate in the same Informal Dispute Resolution Conference
unless all parties agree. In the time between a party receiving the Notice and
the Informal Dispute Resolution Conference, nothing in this Arbitration
Agreement shall prohibit the parties from engaging in informal communications to
resolve the initiating party's Dispute. Engaging in the Informal Dispute
Resolution Conference is a condition precedent and requirement that must be
fulfilled before commencing arbitration. The statute of limitations and any
filing fee deadlines shall be tolled while the parties engage in the Informal
Dispute Resolution Conference process required by this section.

### 15.3 Waiver of Jury Trial

YOU AND COMPANY HEREBY WAIVE ANY CONSTITUTIONAL AND STATUTORY RIGHTS TO SUE IN
COURT AND HAVE A TRIAL IN FRONT OF A JUDGE OR A JURY. You and Company are
instead electing that all Disputes shall be resolved by arbitration under this
Arbitration Agreement, except as specified in the section entitled
"Applicability of Arbitration Agreement" above. There is no judge or jury in
arbitration, and court review of an arbitration award is subject to very limited
review.

### 15.4 Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief

YOU AND COMPANY AGREE THAT, EXCEPT AS SPECIFIED IN THE SECTION ENTITLED "BATCH
ARBITRATION," EACH OF US MAY BRING CLAIMS AGAINST THE OTHER ONLY ON AN
INDIVIDUAL BASIS AND NOT ON A CLASS, REPRESENTATIVE, OR COLLECTIVE BASIS, AND
THE PARTIES HEREBY WAIVE ALL RIGHTS TO HAVE ANY DISPUTE BE BROUGHT, HEARD,
ADMINISTERED, RESOLVED, OR ARBITRATED ON A CLASS, COLLECTIVE, REPRESENTATIVE, OR
MASS ACTION BASIS. ONLY INDIVIDUAL RELIEF IS AVAILABLE, AND DISPUTES OF MORE
THAN ONE CUSTOMER OR USER CANNOT BE ARBITRATED OR CONSOLIDATED WITH THOSE OF ANY
OTHER CUSTOMER OR USER. Subject to this Arbitration Agreement, the arbitrator
may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party
seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by
the party's individual claim. Nothing in this paragraph is intended to, nor
shall it, affect the terms and conditions under the section entitled "Batch
Arbitration." Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Arbitration
Agreement, if a court decides by means of a final decision, not subject to any
further appeal or recourse, that the limitations of this section, "Waiver of
Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief," are invalid or unenforceable as to a
particular claim or request for relief (such as a request for public injunctive
relief), you and Company agree that that particular claim or request for relief
(and only that particular claim or request for relief) shall be severed from the
arbitration and may be litigated in the state or federal courts located in the
State of Delaware. All other Disputes shall be arbitrated or litigated in small
claims court. This section does not prevent you or Company from participating in
a class-wide settlement of claims.

### 15.5 Rules and Forum

The Term of Use evidence a transaction involving interstate commerce; and
notwithstanding any other provision herein with respect to the applicable
substantive law, the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. § 1 et seq., will govern
the interpretation and enforcement of this Arbitration Agreement and any
arbitration proceedings. If the Informal Dispute Resolution process described
above does not resolve satisfactorily within sixty (60) days after receipt of
your Notice, you and Company agree that either party shall have the right to
finally resolve the Dispute through binding arbitration. The arbitration will be
administered by the American Arbitration Association ("AAA"), in accordance with
the Consumer Arbitration Rules (the "AAA Rules") then in effect, except as
modified by this section of this Arbitration Agreement. The AAA Rules are
currently available at
https://www.adr.org/sites/default/files/Consumer%20Rules.pdf.

A party who wishes to initiate arbitration must provide the other party with a
request for arbitration (the "Request"). The Request must include: (1) the name,
telephone number, mailing address, e‐mail address of the party seeking
arbitration and the account username (if applicable) as well as the email
address associated with any applicable account; (2) a statement of the legal
claims being asserted and the factual bases of those claims; (3) a description
of the remedy sought and an accurate, good‐faith calculation of the amount in
controversy in United States Dollars; (4) a statement certifying completion of
the Informal Dispute Resolution process as described above; and (5) evidence
that the requesting party has paid any necessary filing fees in connection with
such arbitration.

If the party requesting arbitration is represented by counsel, the Request shall
also include counsel's name, telephone number, mailing address, and email
address. Such counsel must also sign the Request. By signing the Request,
counsel certifies to the best of counsel's knowledge, information, and belief,
formed after an inquiry reasonable under the circumstances, that: (1) the
Request is not being presented for any improper purpose, such as to harass,
cause unnecessary delay, or needlessly increase the cost of dispute resolution;
(2) the claims, defenses and other legal contentions are warranted by existing
law or by a nonfrivolous argument for extending, modifying, or reversing
existing law or for establishing new law; and (3) the factual and damages
contentions have evidentiary support or, if specifically so identified, will
likely have evidentiary support after a reasonable opportunity for further
investigation or discovery.

Unless you and Company otherwise agree, or the Batch Arbitration process
discussed in the section entitled "Batch Arbitration" is triggered, the
arbitration will be conducted in the county where you reside. Subject to the AAA
Rules, the arbitrator may direct a limited and reasonable exchange of
information between the parties, consistent with the expedited nature of the
arbitration. If the AAA is not available to arbitrate, the parties will select
an alternative arbitral forum. Your responsibility to pay any AAA fees and costs
will be solely as set forth in the applicable AAA Rules.

You and Company agree that all materials and documents exchanged during the
arbitration proceedings shall be kept confidential and shall not be shared with
anyone except the parties' attorneys, accountants, or business advisors, and
then subject to the condition that they agree to keep all materials and
documents exchanged during the arbitration proceedings confidential.

### 15.6 Arbitrator

The arbitrator will be either a retired judge or an attorney licensed to
practice law in the State of Delaware and will be selected by the parties from
the AAA's roster of consumer dispute arbitrators. If the parties are unable to
agree upon an arbitrator within thirty-five (35) days of delivery of the
Request, then the AAA will appoint the arbitrator in accordance with the AAA
Rules, provided that if the Batch Arbitration process under the section entitled
"Batch Arbitration" is triggered, the AAA will appoint the arbitrator for each
batch.

### 15.7 Authority of Arbitrator

The arbitrator shall have exclusive authority to resolve any Dispute, including,
without limitation, disputes arising out of or related to the interpretation or
application of the Arbitration Agreement, including the enforceability,
revocability, scope, or validity of the Arbitration Agreement or any portion of
the Arbitration Agreement, except for the following: (1) all Disputes arising
out of or relating to the section entitled "Waiver of Class and Other
Non-Individualized Relief," including any claim that all or part of the section
entitled "Waiver of Class and Other Non-Individualized Relief" is unenforceable,
illegal, void or voidable, or that such section entitled "Waiver of Class and
Other Non-Individualized Relief" has been breached, shall be decided by a court
of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (2) except as expressly
contemplated in the section entitled "Batch Arbitration," all Disputes about the
payment of arbitration fees shall be decided only by a court of competent
jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; (3) all Disputes about whether either
party has satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration shall be decided only
by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator; and (4) all
Disputes about which version of the Arbitration Agreement applies shall be
decided only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The
arbitration proceeding will not be consolidated with any other matters or joined
with any other cases or parties, except as expressly provided in the section
entitled "Batch Arbitration." The arbitrator shall have the authority to grant
motions dispositive of all or part of any Dispute. The arbitrator shall issue a
written award and statement of decision describing the essential findings and
conclusions on which the award is based, including the calculation of any
damages awarded. The award of the arbitrator is final and binding upon you and
us. Judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having
jurisdiction.

### 15.8 Attorneys' Fees and Costs

The parties shall bear their own attorneys' fees and costs in arbitration unless
the arbitrator finds that either the substance of the Dispute or the relief
sought in the Request was frivolous or was brought for an improper purpose (as
measured by the standards set forth in Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 11(b)).
If you or Company need to invoke the authority of a court of competent
jurisdiction to compel arbitration, then the party that obtains an order
compelling arbitration in such action shall have the right to collect from the
other party its reasonable costs, necessary disbursements, and reasonable
attorneys' fees incurred in securing an order compelling arbitration. The
prevailing party in any court action relating to whether either party has
satisfied any condition precedent to arbitration, including the Informal Dispute
Resolution process, is entitled to recover their reasonable costs, necessary
disbursements, and reasonable attorneys' fees and costs.

### 15.9 Batch Arbitration

To increase the efficiency of administration and resolution of arbitrations, you
and Company agree that in the event that there are one-hundred (100) or more
individual Requests of a substantially similar nature filed against Company by
or with the assistance of the same law firm, group of law firms, or
organizations, within a thirty (30) day period (or as soon as possible
thereafter), the AAA shall (1) administer the arbitration demands in batches of
100 Requests per batch (plus, to the extent there are less than 100 Requests
left over after the batching described above, a final batch consisting of the
remaining Requests); (2) appoint one arbitrator for each batch; and (3) provide
for the resolution of each batch as a single consolidated arbitration with one
set of filing and administrative fees due per side per batch, one procedural
calendar, one hearing (if any) in a place to be determined by the arbitrator,
and one final award ("Batch Arbitration").

All parties agree that Requests are of a "substantially similar nature" if they
arise out of or relate to the same event or factual scenario and raise the same
or similar legal issues and seek the same or similar relief. To the extent the
parties disagree on the application of the Batch Arbitration process, the
disagreeing party shall advise the AAA, and the AAA shall appoint a sole
standing arbitrator to determine the applicability of the Batch Arbitration
process ("Administrative Arbitrator"). In an effort to expedite resolution of
any such dispute by the Administrative Arbitrator, the parties agree the
Administrative Arbitrator may set forth such procedures as are necessary to
resolve any disputes promptly. The Administrative Arbitrator's fees shall be
paid by Company.

You and Company agree to cooperate in good faith with the AAA to implement the
Batch Arbitration process including the payment of single filing and
administrative fees for batches of Requests, as well as any steps to minimize
the time and costs of arbitration, which may include: (1) the appointment of a
discovery special master to assist the arbitrator in the resolution of discovery
disputes; and (2) the adoption of an expedited calendar of the arbitration
proceedings.

This Batch Arbitration provision shall in no way be interpreted as authorizing a
class, collective and/or mass arbitration or action of any kind, or arbitration
involving joint or consolidated claims under any circumstances, except as
expressly set forth in this provision.

### 15.10 30-Day Right to Opt Out

You have the right to opt out of the provisions of this Arbitration Agreement by
sending written notice of your decision to opt out to: 455 Market St Ste 1940,
PMB 487449, San Francisco California 94105-2448, within thirty (30) days after
first becoming subject to this Arbitration Agreement. Your notice must include
your name and address, the email address you used to set up your Company account
(if you have one), and an unequivocal statement that you want to opt out of this
Arbitration Agreement. If you opt out of this Arbitration Agreement, all other
parts of these Terms of Use will continue to apply to you. Opting out of this
Arbitration Agreement has no effect on any other arbitration agreements that you
may currently have, or may enter in the future, with us.

### 15.11 Invalidity, Expiration

Except as provided in the section entitled "Waiver of Class or Other
Non-Individualized Relief", if any part or parts of this Arbitration Agreement
are found under the law to be invalid or unenforceable, then such specific part
or parts shall be of no force and effect and shall be severed and the remainder
of the Arbitration Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. You
further agree that any Dispute that you have with Company as detailed in this
Arbitration Agreement must be initiated via arbitration within the applicable
statute of limitation for that claim or controversy, or it will be forever time
barred. Likewise, you agree that all applicable statutes of limitation will
apply to such arbitration in the same manner as those statutes of limitation
would apply in the applicable court of competent jurisdiction.

### 15.12 Modification

Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms of Use to the contrary, we agree
that if Company makes any future material change to this Arbitration Agreement,
we will notify you. Unless you reject the change within thirty (30) days of such
change become effective by writing to Company at 455 Market St Ste 1940, PMB
487449, San Francisco California 94105-2448, your continued use of the Service,
including the acceptance of products and services offered on the Service
following the posting of changes to this Arbitration Agreement constitutes your
acceptance of any such changes. Changes to this Arbitration Agreement do not
provide you with a new opportunity to opt out of the Arbitration Agreement if
you have previously agreed to a version of these Terms of Use and did not
validly opt out of arbitration. If you reject any change or update to this
Arbitration Agreement, and you were bound by an existing agreement to arbitrate
Disputes arising out of or relating in any way to your access to or use of the
Service, any communications you receive, any products sold or distributed
through the Service or these Terms of Use, the provisions of this Arbitration
Agreement as of the date you first accepted the Terms of Use (or accepted any
subsequent changes to these Terms of Use) remain in full force and effect.
Company will continue to honor any valid opt outs of the Arbitration Agreement
that you made to a prior version of these Terms of Use.

## 16. THIRD-PARTY SERVICES

### 16.1 Third-Party Websites and Applications

The Services may contain links to third-party websites ("Third-Party Websites")
and applications ("Third-Party Applications"). When you click on a link to a
Third-Party Website or Third-Party Application, we will not warn you that you
have left the Services and are subject to the terms and conditions (including
privacy policies) of another website or destination. Such Third-Party Websites
and Third-Party Applications are not under the control of Company. Company is
not responsible for any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party Applications.
Company provides these Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Applications only as
a convenience and does not review, approve, monitor, endorse, warrant, or make
any representations with respect to Third-Party Websites or Third-Party
Applications, or any product or service provided in connection therewith. You
use all links in Third-Party Websites and Third-Party Applications at your own
risk. When you leave our Website, the Agreement and our policies no longer
govern. You should review applicable terms and policies, including privacy and
data gathering practices, of any Third-Party Websites or Third-Party
Applications, and make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate
before proceeding with any transaction with any third party.

### 16.2 Third Party Service Provider

The Company uses Stripe, Inc. and its affiliates as the third party service
provider for payment services (e.g., card acceptance, merchant settlement, and
related services) (a "Payment Processor"). By buying or selling on any Company
Property, you agree to be bound by Stripe's Privacy Policy (currently accessible
at https://stripe.com/us/privacy) and its Terms of Service (currently accessible
at https://stripe.com/us/terms) and hereby consent and authorize the Company and
Stripe to share any information and payment instructions you provide with one or
more Payment Processor(s) to the minimum extent required to complete your
transactions.

## 17. GENERAL PROVISIONS

### 17.1 Governing Law; Exclusive Venue

Any dispute, claim or request for relief relating in any way to your use of the
services will be governed and interpreted by and under the laws of the State of
Delaware, consistent with the Federal Arbitration Act, without giving effect to
any principles that provide for the application of the law of any other
jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International
Sale of Goods is expressly excluded from this Agreement. To the extent the
parties are permitted under this Agreement to initiate litigation in a court,
both you and Company agree that all claims and disputes arising out of or
relating to the Agreement will be litigated exclusively in the state or federal
courts located in San Francisco County, California.

### 17.2 Electronic Communications

The communications between you and Company may take place via electronic means,
whether you visit the Services or send Company emails, or whether Company posts
notices on the Services or communicates with you via email. For contractual
purposes, you (a) consent to receive communications from Company in an
electronic form; and (b) agree that all terms and conditions, agreements,
notices, disclosures, and other communications that Company provides to you
electronically satisfy any legal requirement that such communications would
satisfy if it were to be in writing. The foregoing does not affect your
statutory rights, including but not limited to the Electronic Signatures in
Global and National Commerce Act at 15 U.S.C. §7001 et seq.

### 17.3 Assignment

The Agreement, and your rights and obligations hereunder, may not be assigned,
subcontracted, delegated or otherwise transferred by you without Company's prior
written consent, and any attempted assignment, subcontract, delegation, or
transfer in violation of the foregoing will be null and void.

### 17.4 Force Majeure

Company shall not be liable for any delay or failure to perform resulting from
causes outside its reasonable control, including, but not limited to, acts of
God, pandemics, war, terrorism, riots, embargos, acts of civil or military
authorities, fire, floods, accidents, strikes or shortages of transportation
facilities, fuel, energy, labor or materials.

### 17.5 Questions, Complaints, Claims

If you have any questions, complaints or claims with respect to the Services,
please contact us at: info@selorahomes.com. We will do our best to address your
concerns. If you feel that your concerns have been addressed incompletely, we
invite you to let us know for further investigation.

### 17.6 Notice

Where Company requires that you provide an email address, you are responsible
for providing Company with your most current email address. In the event that
the last email address you provided to Company is not valid, or for any reason
is not capable of delivering to you any notices required/ permitted by the
Agreement, Company's dispatch of the email containing such notice will
nonetheless constitute effective notice. You may give notice to Company at the
following address: 455 Market St Ste 1940, PMB 487449, San Francisco California
94105-2448. Such notice shall be deemed given when received by Company by letter
delivered by nationally recognized overnight delivery service or first class
postage prepaid mail at the above address.

### 17.7 Waiver

Any waiver or failure to enforce any provision of the Agreement on one occasion
will not be deemed a waiver of any other provision or of such provision on any
other occasion.

### 17.8 Severability

If any portion of the Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable, that portion
shall be construed in a manner to reflect, as nearly as possible, the original
intention of the parties, and the remaining portions shall remain in full force
and effect.

### 17.9 Export Control

You may not use, export, import, or transfer any Services except as authorized
by U.S. law, the laws of the jurisdiction in which you obtained the Services,
and any other applicable laws. In particular, but without limitation, the
Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any United States embargoed
countries, or (b) to anyone on the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially
Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce's Denied Person's List
or Entity List. By using the Services, you represent and warrant that (i) you
are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or
that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a "terrorist supporting"
country and (ii) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or
restricted parties. You also will not use the Services for any purpose
prohibited by U.S. law, including the development, design, manufacture or
production of missiles, nuclear, chemical or biological weapons. You acknowledge
and agree that products, services or technology provided by Company are subject
to the export control laws and regulations of the United States. You shall
comply with these laws and regulations and shall not, without prior U.S.
government authorization, export, re-export, or transfer Company products,
services or technology, either directly or indirectly, to any country in
violation of such laws and regulations.

### 17.10 Consumer Complaints

In accordance with California Civil Code §1789.3, you may report complaints to
the Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the
California Department of Consumer Affairs by contacting them in writing at 1625
North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (800)
952-5210.

### 17.11 Entire Agreement

The Agreement is the final, complete and exclusive agreement of the parties with
respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes and merges all prior
discussions between the parties with respect to such subject matter.
